docs: faq.mdx load model from local directory (#1536)
TabbyML/tabby: website/docs/faq.mdx

For details on the registry format, please refer to [models.json](https://github.com/TabbyML/registry-tabby/blob/main/models.json)

> If there is no Github registry it will automaticly look up `models.json` in your local directory located at `\data\models\USERNAME\models.json`.
> 
> For details on the model's structure, please refer to [MODEL_SPEC.md]https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby/blob/main/MODEL_SPEC.md
> 
> </Collapse>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Collapse title="Can I use local model with Tabby?">

Tabby also supports loading models from a local directory that follow our specifications as outlined in [MODEL_SPEC.md](https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby/blob/main/MODEL_SPEC.md).

</Collapse>
```
